Once the flight is booked, indicate that the flight is booked in this section and on the status bar. Make sure the itinerary dates are updated and aligned with the flights that the user booked. 

Allow the user to move to the next page. This page is Accommodation Costs. Change this name to Save and Book Accommodations. For each city's accommodation options, tell them the exact dates so they know what days to book. Provide booking tips. Remove the “earliest day to book stays”. Remind them at the top of the section to only book each stay when they have the amount in the savings account. Remove book your stays from the bottom of this section. Change “Select This Stay” throughout the options to “Book This Stay”.

At the top of the Accommodations page, also include the same Save and Book Overview section above.

Once all accommodations are booked, allow the user to move to the next page.

The next page is booking major transportation. Change Transportation Costs to Save and Book Major Transportation. Show all the major transportation options from the itinerary. Major transportation includes transportation that needs to be booked or reserved in advance other than the departing and arriving flights. Describe this at the top so the user knows what this section is about. Do not include transportation around a city, for example, like a taxi or ride sharing. Include car rental options where it makes sense. For the transportation that needs to be booked in advance, change “select this option” to “book this option”. Remove the earliest date to book transportation and booking buttons from the bottom of this section. Once everything is booked, indicate that at the bottom, and allow the user to go to the next page. Also at the top of this section, Include the total estimated cost and the amount available from the savings account. Remind them not to book unless there is enough money in the account. At the top of the Major Transportation page, also include the same Save and Book Overview section above.
